Captions made possible by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A DIVISION OF TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
DO YOU BELIEVE
IN CAUSE AND EFFECT ?
DROP A GLASS,
THE GLASS BREAKS,
STRIKE A MATCH
AND A FIRE STARTS.
DO THE THINGS
WE DO IN THIS LIFE
SCREW YOU IN
THE ONE THAT COMES AFTER ?
I THINK SO.
SPAWN'S LEARNING
THAT LITTLE LESSON TOO.
OH, HE'D LIKE TO MAKE IT
ALL GO AWAY SOMEHOW,
PULL OUT, HIDE,
SLEEP IT OFF,
BUT HE MADE HIS DEAL
WITH THE DEVIL,
AND NOW THE DOMINOES
ARE ALREADY CRASHING DOWN.
AND HE'S GOT NOBODY
TO BLAME BUT HIMSELF.
AND ME.
I'M TODD McFARLANE,
AND I CREATED SPAWN.
TELL ME YOU'RE NOT THE GUY
WHO TOOK OUT TONY'S MEN !
OVERKILL,
SON-OF-A-BITCH !
THAT HE WAS.
( reporter )
Asked to possibly re-open
the Kyle Watson
child-killer case,
in light of what was termed a
blatant oversight by the police,
defense attorney
Wanda Blake
is responsible for
this latest revelation.
I DIDN'T DO NOTHIN',
I BEEN A GOOD BOY.
( male )
YOU HAVE ENTERED A
RESTRICTED STORAGE FACILITY.
COME OUT WITH HANDS HIGH
OR WE WILL OPEN FIRE.
FIRE !
WHEN ARE YOU
COMIN' TO BED ?
I LOVE YOU WANDA.
( radio )
Looks like police are gonna
cut child-killer Kyle Watson
loose after all.
Thanks to his attorney
Wanda Blake,
independent investigators
have found that
evidence in the case may
actually have been planted.
AND NOW SPAWN,
SO TURN OFF YOUR LIGHTS.
AHHH !
HE WAITS,
AS THEY ALL DO,
FOR A SIGN,
A WARNING,
SOMETHING TO SET
EVENTS IN MOTION.
FEW WARRIORS REALIZE
THAT THE BATTLE
BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL
IS CONSTANT, ON-GOING,
INCIDENT AFTER INCIDENT.
PART OF AN
UNENDING CHAIN.
"THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE",
THAT'S WHAT
SCIENTISTS CALL IT.
ONE THING HAPPENS
THAT TRIGGERS ANOTHER
AND ANOTHER
AND ANOTHER.
AND IN THE END,
ALL WILL
BE REVEALED,
NO MATTER HOW WONDERFUL
OR HIDEOUS THE RESULT.
MR. TWIST, I JUST WANT TO SAY
YOU CAN COUNT ON ME, OKAY ?
WHATEVER IT IS
YOU NEED, YOU GOT.
RIGHT NOW I NEED YOU
TO SHUT UP AND LISTEN.
THIS IS IMPORTANT OKAY,
ARE YOU LISTENING ?
YEAH, MR. TWIST.
YOU'RE ON A FLIGHT
TO ROME IN AN HOUR.
GO STRAIGHT
TO THE MAN.
YOU KNOW WHO
I'M TALKING ABOUT ?
YES, MR. TWIST.
YOU PROSTRATE YOURSELF
BEFORE HIM, UNDERSTAND ?
YOU TELL HIM
IN NO UNCERTAIN TERMS
THAT WE ARE
VERY, VERY SORRY
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
TO OVERKILL.
WE SCREWED UP, WE WILL
PAY FOR HIS REPAIR.
YOU GOT THAT ?
YES, MR. TWIST.
YOU'RE SPEAKIN' FOR ME
ON THIS ONE, CONSTELLANO.
YOU BEG HIS
FORGIVENESS.
GET ON YOUR KNEES,
KISS HIS ASS, HIS BALLS,
WHATEVER HE NEEDS FOR
THIS TO BE ALRIGHT.
I UNDERSTAND.
WE GOT OUR TITS IN
A FUCKING RINGER ON THIS !
WE DON'T NEED
TROUBLE FROM ROME.
TELL HIM WE'LL FIX IT
ALL ON OUR END.
DONE DEAL, OKAY.
DON'T WORRY, MR. TWIST,
I GOT IT COVERED.
GET GOING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS CRAP'S
BEEN GOING ON WITHOUT ME.
( male )
HEY SWEETIE, DIDN'T
I SEE YOU IN A MAGAZINE ?
GOT A BOYFRIEND,
"BEAVER" TREAT ?
SOMEBODY TO LICK
AWAY YOUR DAY ?
I CAN DO THAT
FOR YOU, BABY.
YOU WANT ME
TO SHOW YOU ?
YEAH, SHOW ME.
IT'S A "BIG CITY GIRL" DAY
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU A BIG CITY GIRL, BABY ?
GOOD HUNTING'S
WHERE YOU FIND IT.
HUNTING ?
WE GOT OURSELVES SOME
KIND OF SPORTS BABE.
SORRY ABOUT THIS.
OH, DON'T APOLOGIZE BABY,
IT'S ALL OUR FAULT.
BUT IT'S GONNA BE
FUN, FOR US.
I DON'T THINK SO.
LOOK WHO IT IS.
WHAT IS SHE
DOING HERE ?
HEY, YOU CAN'T...
I KNOW SHE'S IN AND
SHE'S GONNA SEE ME.
HOW DARE YOU BURST INTO
MY OFFICE LIKE THIS ?
WHY WASN'T I CALLED
ABOUT THE HELL SPAWN ?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT ?
YOU'VE HAD ME DELIBERATELY
TAKING OUT OF THE LOOP.
ANGELA, REALLY.
SAVE IT GABRIELLE,
HE'S MINE.
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY HUNTER
IN THE UNIVERSE, ANGELA.
I'VE TAKEN OUT THE
LAST TWO HELL SPAWNS
AND I WANT
THIS ONE !
YOU REALIZE IT'S
THIS KIND OF BEHAVIOR
THAT MAKES IT
DIFFICULT TO TRUST YOU.
IF THERE'S ONE THING
I DO WELL, IT'S HUNT.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
DON'T LIKE THAT,
INCLUDING YOU,
BUT THAT'S NOT
GONNA STOP ME.
GO THROUGH THE
PROPER CHANNELS.
THOSE CHANNELS
LEAD TO YOU.
I'M RE.
I'M TALKING TO YOU,
AMBASSADOR.
WHAT ABOUT THE PERMIT ?
DENIED.
HOW LONG ARE YOU GONNA HAVE
IT IN FOR ME, GABBY ?
A CENTURY, TWO ?
FOLLOW APPROPRIATE
PROTOCOL AND MAYBE,
I'LL RECONSIDER.
JUST TRY AND KEEP ME
OUT OF THIS, GABBY.
GOODBYE, ANGELA.
( children laughing )
( Wanda )
HEY, LET THE LITTLE
GUYS HAVE SOME !
ALWAYS PULLING FOR
THE UNDERDOG, EH WANDA ?
YOU KNOW ME...
SO WHAT DO YOU GOT ?
YOU GOT IT ?
TOOK SOME ARM TWISTING
AND GREASING MORE PALMS
THAN YOU'LL FIND IN
A TIMES SQUARE PEEP SHOW,
BUT YEAH,
I GOT IT.
I STILL GOT SOME
FRIENDS ON THE FORCE,
BUT THIS SHIT'S
LIKE EBOLA--
NOBODY WANTS NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT.
NOT HERE.
I DON'T MEAN TO
SOUND PARANOID,
BUT WHAT YOU GOT
THERE IS BIG.
HOW BIG, MAX ?
RAW EVIDENCE FROM
THE LAST KID.
UNCUT, UNEDITED.
AND A LATENT PRINT OFF
THE LITTLE GIRL'S EYEBALL.
CLEAR AS CHRISTMAS.
AN ACTUAL
FINGERPRINT ?
DONE FROM THE LEFT HAND
OF YOUR PERP.
NOT WATSON'S ?
NO, THIS PRINT
BELONGS TO YOUR KILLER.
I WAS RIGHT.
KYLE WATSON
WAS SET UP
TO TAKE THE FALL
FOR THOSE CHILD MURDERS.
THIS PROVES IT.
I THINK YOU WANT TO
SAVE THE CHAMPAGNE.
THIS SON-OF-A-BITCH
WAS PURPOSELY MISFILED,
VAULTED AND BURIED.
ARE WE TALKING
ABOUT A CONSPIRACY
INSIDE THE POLICE ?
I THINK MAYBE IT GOES
BEYOND THAT, WANDA.
SOMEONE'S COVERING
THIS SICK BASTARD'S ASS,
SOMEONE WITH
A LOT OF MUSCLE.
WHO ?
HONESTLY, I DON'T
WANT TO KNOW
AND NEITHER
SHOULD YOU.
WATCH YOUR BACK, WANDA.
THANKS MAX,
I OWE YOU.
YOU'LL GET MY
CONSULTATION FEE.
MAX, YOU'RE AMAZING.
WOOF, WOOF !
WHY ARE YOU
FOLLOWING HER ?
I'M TALKING
TO YOU, DIRTBAG.
NOT A HEALTHY IDEA.
AHH !
I WANT ANSWERS NOW !
STARTING WITH
YOUR BOSS' NAME.
( sirens )
( Wynn )
GO ON, I'M LISTENING.
I JUST WANTED TO FIND
THOSE CODE NUMBERS.
I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN CODE NUMBERS, TERRY.
WE LOST A RATHER LARGE
NUMBER OF WEAPONS
FROM THAT ORDINANCE
ANNEX A WEEK AGO.
YES I KNOW, BUT WHAT
I'M GETTING AT...
I WANT A SOLID CONCISE
ANALYSIS FROM YOUR DEPARTMENT
TELLING ME WHO
COULD HAVE DONE THIS.
THEY HAD THE
SON-OF-A-BITCH CORNERED
AND SOMEHOW
HE GOT AWAY.
WEAPONS AND ALL,
IMPOSSIBLE !
INCREDIBLE.
I HAVEN'T SEEN A MANEUVER
LIKE THAT SINCE...
AL SIMMONS.
I DON'T WANT TO HAVE
TO EXPLAIN THIS SCREW UP
TO THE PRESIDENT.
IT MAY HAVE BEEN
AN INSIDE JOB, SIR.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT ?
WELL I'VE BEEN RUNNING SOME
CATALOGING REPORTS ON MY OWN
AND I CAUGHT SOME
CODE DISCREPANCIES
IN OUR WEAPON
STORAGE FILES.
GO ON.
I DID SOME CHECKING
AND CRAZY AS IT SOUNDS
IT LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE MIGHT
BE DIVERTING WEAPON SHIPMENTS
TO OTHER DELIVERY SIGHTS
THEN CHANGING THE INFO
IN THE COMPUTER.
YOU HAVE ANY
PROOF OF THIS ?
IT'S ALL HERE
IN MY REPORT.
WHO ELSE HAVE YOU
TALKED TO ABOUT THIS ?
NO ONE, SIR.
I WANTED TO COME
STRAIGHT TO YOU.
EXCELLENT,
I'M GLAD YOU DID.
AS OF RIGHT NOW TERRY,
YOUR JOB IS
TO TRACK DOWN
EVERY INSTANCE
OF THESE DISCREPANCIES
IN THE WEAPONS
SHIPMENT FILES.
I'LL NEED VERIFICATION
AND DOCUMENTED EVIDENCE
IF I'M GOING TO GET INTO THIS
WITH A FULL SCALE INVESTIGATION.
YES, SIR.
KEEP ME INFORMED.
I JUST WANT TO GO ON RECORD
AND SAY I HOPE I'M WRONG.
I HOPE THIS IS JUST
SOME HORRIBLE MIX-UP.
I'LL SECOND THAT.
THANK YOU, TERRY.
GODAMN BOY SCOUT !
LAST THING I NEED IS HIM
TURNING A FEW HEADS
BY TALKING
TO SOMEONE.
FORTUNATELY TERRY'S
A LOYAL PUPPET.
ALWAYS WORKS IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF HIS EMPLOYER.
LET HIM FIND
ALL THE LOOSE ENDS,
WE'LL TIE THEM UP LATER.
RIGHT NOW, I NEED TO
FIND THOSE WEAPONS.
SOMEHOW, KEEP US
ON OUR TIMETABLE.
RECOVERED IMAGES FROM
OVERKILL'S INTERNAL CAMERA.
ROME WILL WANT TONY'S
FAT ASS FOR THIS.
NOTHING LIKE A HOME VIDEO
OF YOUR OWN EVISCERATION.
( Overkill )
I thought you
were dead !
( Spawn )
I am.
You've got some balls
coming here, hero !
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT ?
AND WHAT'S IT DOING
WITH MY WEAPONS ?
Who's laughing now ?
( clown )
DARKNESS IS ALL
AROUND YOU SPAWN.
WE BOTH KNOW IT,
WE BOTH FEEL IT.
IT'S CLOSING IN
ON YOU CHAR BOY.
HEAVEN ON ONE SIDE
AND HELL ON THE OTHER.
WE'RE BOTH GUNNIN'
FOR YOUR SCORCHED ASS !
IT'S SO NICE
BEING WET.
DICKHEAD PUTS A GUN
IN HIS MOUTH
AND BLOWS HIS BRAINS
CLEAR ACROSS THE EAST RIVER.
HOMICIDE MY ASS.
ANYTHING ?
SOME VERY TWISTED
INDIVIDUALS
IN OUR NATIONS
CAPITOL, SIR.
WHY THEY'RE WILLING TO
EXPRESS SUCH INTIMATE,
OFTEN SEXUAL THOUGHTS,
OVER A CELL PHONE,
I'LL NEVER KNOW.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHY, TWITCH.
PEOPLE ARE
FREAKING MORONS !
SO HOW MUCH MORE ?
MR. STEVENS HAD A VERY
EXTENSIVE LIBRARY
OF PIRATED
CONVERSATIONS.
THERE'S PERHAPS ANOTHER
40 OR 50 HOURS, AT LEAST.
OH CHRIST, WE AIN'T
GOT THAT KIND OF TIME.
CHIEF'S ALL OVER THIS
ALLEY DEATH-SPREE SHIT !
AT LEAST THERE HAVEN'T BEEN
ANYMORE KILLINGS, SIR.
YEAH... WHAT ?
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO
MAKE ME FEEL BETTER ?
IT'S THE FREAKIN' CALM
BEFORE THE FREAKIN' MONSOON !
QUITE RIGHT, SIR.
THE BUZZ ON THE STREET
HAD OVERKILL IN TOWN,
WHICH SHOULD HAVE MEANT
A BLOODBATH SOMEWHERE,
BUT NOBODY'S
SEEN HIM IN A WEEK
AND NOBODY
SAW HIM LEAVE.
HE'S HARD
TO MISS, SIR.
EXACTLY.
IT'S WEIRD CRAP,
THIS WHOLE STINKIN' BUSINESS.
I'LL TELL YOU TWITCH,
I HATE LOOSE ENDS.
THEY PISS ME OFF.
( reporter )
And on the national front,
outspoken republican senator
Scott McMillan
has unexpectedly thrown his hat
into the presidential ring.
The American people
want someone
to step into
the White House
and put an end
to overinflated,
underachieving,
"tax and spend" government.
Our nation needs
someone on the front lines
who isn't afraid
to give the government
the thorough
house-cleaning
it's needed for
a very long time
and I am
that someone.
TWITCH, YOU SHOULD
SEE THIS GUY,
HE'S GOT 'EM EATING
OUT OF HIS UNDIES.
SIR, DID YOU LOOK
AT THIS FILE ?
OF COURSE I DID.
THIS PHOTOGRAPHER'S FROM
WASHINGTON D.C. SIR.
DON'T TELL ME THIS JERK-OFF
WORKED FOR THE POST ?
NO, SIR.
IF YOU TAKE
A LOOK AT LINE 26
UNDER HIS I.D. AND
FINGERPRINT REPORT.
WELL SHIT ON ME
AND CALL ME A SUNDAE !
MR. HUMBLE HERE WORKS FOR
THE U.S. GOVERNMENT.
HMM...
A POOL PHOTOGRAPHER FOR THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WEIRDER AND WEIRDER.
A GUY FALLS
OUT OF A TREE,
BREAKS HIS ARM
IN THREE PLACES,
THEN BLOWS
HIS BRAINS OUT.
FOR WHAT ?
ACTUALLY, THE
REPORT STATES
THAT HUMBLE'S ARM
WAS BROKEN BY ASSAILANT
OR ASSAILANTS
UNKNOWN.
YEAH, YEAH,
WHATEVER.
WHY CAN'T THESE D.C. ASSHOLES
DIE IN THEIR OWN GODAMN TOWN ?
VERY INCONSIDERATE
OF THEM, SIR.
SHUT UP, TWITCH.
JUST FIND OUT IF THIS JERK
IS CONNECTED TO STEVENS
OR THESE REPORTERS
OR BOTH,
AND ORDER ME A HOAGIE
WHILE YOU'RE AT IT.
( screams )
WHAT THE FUCK
IS THIS !?
NO ONE CAN
KNOW I'M HERE.
YOU DON'T JUST BUST IN
AND FUCK WITH ME.
SHUT UP, TONY.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE CREATURE
ON THAT VIDEO
YOU SENT ME ?
NOTHING, JUST THAT HE'S
ONE LETHAL SON-OF-A-BITCH.
ANYONE WHO CAN
WHACK OUT OVERKILL.
I NEED IT FOUND.
BUT I CAN'T DO
IT DIRECTLY.
HEY, FORGET IT.
THAT BASTARD TOLD ME
TO STAY OUT OF HIS WAY
AND BELIEVE-YOU-ME,
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
THIS ISN'T A REQUEST.
YOU FIND HIM THEN
YOU CONTACT ME,
AND MAYBE I CAN HELP YOU DEAL
WITH YOUR ITALIAN SITUATION.
WHAT'S THIS ?
A PACKAGE
FROM ROME.
MY PEOPLE INTERCEPTED IT
FROM YOUR PEOPLE.
YOU HAVING
MY GUYS FOLLOWED ?
I KEEP TABS
ON ALL MY FRIENDS.
BE HONORED.
ENJOY.
CHRIST !
YOUR CLIENT'S
NEGLIGENCE
KILLED TWO CHILDREN
IN THAT FIRE,
AND YOUR OWN SECURITY
CAMERAS VERIFY IT !
KELLY, THE BAD PRESS ALONE
IS WORTH THE MILLION
YOU'RE OFFERING !
LOOK KELLY,
I GOTTA GO.
YES, RIGHT NOW.
MORE MONEY THAT'S WHAT I
WANT TO CLOSE THIS CASE.
MORE MONEY,
THE LAWYER'S MOTTO.
I PULLED THE CIVIL CASE ON
THE REINHARDT CHEMICAL FIRE
TWO MONTHS AGO, I'M
TRYING TO SETTLE IT.
YEAH, I REMEMBER
THAT ONE.
THE TWO KIDS
IN THE STOREROOM.
WHAT A WAY
TO GO, BRUTAL.
WELL, THE REINHARDT
FAMILY IS POOR.
THEY WANT US TO TAKE THE FIRST
OFFER THROWN ON THE TABLE.
AND SOMETHING TELLS ME
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BITE.
THEY HAD TO USE DENTAL
RECORDS TO IDENTIFY THEM !
YOU KNOW WANDA, MONEY WON'T
BRING THOSE DEAD KIDS BACK.
YEAH, I KNOW.
SO, DID YOU
GET IT ?
YEAH, AND LET ME
TELL YOU
I HAD TO CALL IN
SOME SERIOUS FAVORS.
THESE GOVERNMENT GUYS
PROTECT THIS HIGH TECH SHIT
LIKE IT'S THEIR BALLS.
BUT BEFORE I GIVE
THIS TO YOU,
YOU GOT TO PROMISE ME YOU
WON'T DO SOMETHING STUPID.
I PAY, YOU BRING, THAT'S
ALWAYS BEEN OUR DEAL.
BUT I APPRECIATE
THE CONCERN.
SO WHAT DO
WE HAVE HERE ?
WE HAVE SOME HEAVY DUTY
SHIT HERE, THAT'S WHAT.
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT YOU, WANDA.
THAT'S SWEET,
BUT I'M A BIG GIRL,
AND I NEED
THAT DISK, PLEASE.
HERE YOU GO.
BUT REMEMBER
WHAT I SAID.
SO WHAT'S
YOUR PLAN ?
I'M GONNA TRY TO ACCESS
THE GOVERNMENT'S DATA BASE
AND BREAK INTO
THEIR SYSTEM
TO FIND OUT
WHO FRAMED WATSON.
DON'T BE CRAZY,
YOU DON'T WANT TO GO
MESSING WITH THESE GUYS.
SOMEONE WITH POWER
IS PROTECTING
A CHILD-KILLER.
I NEED TO FIND OUT WHO.
YOU GOT WATSON OFF.
WHY THE HELL DO YOU WANT
TO GO ON SOME HOLY CRUSADE
TO FIND
THIS GUY ?!
BECAUSE MONEY DOESN'T
BRING DEAD KIDS BACK.
WE'LL NEVER
BE APART, NEVER.
WHAT A PERFECT DAY,
YOU MAKE ME SO HAPPY.
I LOVE YOU
SO MUCH, AL.
AL WAS NEVER ENOUGH FOR
A WOMAN LIKE YOU, WANDA.
HIS DEATH WAS THE BEST THING
THAT COULD HAVE HAPPENED.
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
( screams )
WANDA !
WANDA, WANDA !
WAIT, WAIT !
IT'S ME,
CRAIG GAREB.
REMEMBER ME, GAREB ?!
YOU DON'T WANT
TO KILL ME, RIGHT ?
GAREB ?
YEAH.
CAN I BREATHE NOW ?
ANOTHER NIGHTMARE, HUH ?
I GET 'EM REAL BAD
SOMETIMES,
REMEMBERING WHEN MY FOLKS
PUT ME IN THE HOSPITAL.
SAID I WAS, YOU KNOW,
TOUCHED IN THE HEAD.
I THOUGHT SOME
DOWN-TIME WOULD HELP,
GIVE ME A CHANCE
TO SORT THINGS OUT.
SEEMS LIKE
THE MORE I THINK,
THE WORSE THE
NIGHTMARES GET.
AND I CAN'T
SHUT IT OFF.
YOU HUNGRY ?
I GOT A GOOD DEAL ON
A HALF LOAF OF BREAD.
ONLY A WEEK OLD.
STILL GOT SOME OF THE
PLASTIC WRAP AROUND IT.
GO AWAY, GAREB.
YOU KNOW,
YOU SHOULDN'T SIT DOWN
HERE ALONE ALL THE TIME.
IT AIN'T HEALTHY.
I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT MY HEALTH.
I'VE GOT TO FIGURE
THINGS OUT.
MAYBE YOU NEED TO QUIT
ALL THIS FIGURING
AND JUST DO
SOMETHING.
OF COURSE WHAT
DO I KNOW, RIGHT ?
I'M JUST A BUM WITH A HALF
OF LOAF OF MOLDY BREAD.
NOBODY TO SHARE IT WITH
EXCEPT MY BUDDIES,
JACK DANIELS
AND JIM BEAM.
YOU HAVE A FRIEND THERE,
SPAWN, LISTEN TO HIM.
BEAT IT OLD MAN,
I'M IN NO MOOD.
MOMENTS OF WISDOM ARE FEW
FOR THE NEW WARRIORS.
THEY COME FROM
UNEXPECTED SOURCES.
BUT ALWAYS,
WARRIORS FEEL EVENTS
CHURNING AROUND THEM.
SPIRALING,
CLOSING IN.
SOME SIT AND WAIT
TOO LONG.
OTHERS LISTEN
TO THEIR INSTINCTS
AND PREPARE.
CAPTIONS COPYRIGHT 1997
HOME BOX OFFICE
A DIVISION OF TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER